SPCTR-2964: Fix - Icon background and border hover color issue fix (#3305)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Testimonial - Resolved equal height issue in frontend when 2 columns per slide is set.
* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue in which the space between the icon and text would not apply in RTL sites.
* Fix: Image - Resolved an issue in which the tablet and mobile border css would not be applied as intended.

> * Fix: Icon - Resolved issues in which icon background and border hover color would not work as intended. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Icon - Resolved an issue in which the icon's background and border color on hover would not work as intended. 
```

Author: updated.
